Steve - Finnegan, Dwarf fighter.
Rayvena - Wren, rogue, "Sneaky Beaky Syndicate"
Daggerford is the town. We have been invited to a dinner.
We each have performed services to the town.
Derbel's Bright Blade is a shop known for their swords.

Frimil is a Dwarf artisan in town. He is looking to sell.

Dan worships Yondalla

I fail to find an armorer in the caravan district due to nat 1. I eventually find myself at the Daggerford Inn. Seeing not much of interest, I move on and cross paths with Finnegan, who directs me to Frimil.

Frimil outfits me with some splint mail for 200gp, which was provided by the town. I will also ask what he can get me in the way of a hammer for 50gp.

Gauntlets of Giant Strength!

Red gem hammer - convert damage to fire.

Lady Morwen has taken the position of Duchess. It used to be that women could not rule.

Some mysterious people outside the town wall are harassing people. They seem to have charmed anyone sent to get rid of them.

We approach the hill where the band is making merry and decide to speak with them while Wren sneaks.

Vic'tar and Dan? approach first and join the party. Vic'tar heals one of the merry-makers.

Finnegan and I approach, singing a Dwarven folk song and are joined by one of the merry-makers.

The merry-makers say they are waiting for people from Daggerford. The Duchess told them to expect the people for whom they are waiting. They are expecting 5. "We come from an ancient land whose name is long forgotten; a land of kings. One night a wounded soldier staggered into our camp and collapsed... Took him as one of our own... his enemies hunted him... He was a prince... We bore him safely to his home and he thanked us... A curse has befallen our noble prince, turning him into a tyrant."

Dan's character's name is Chuck McChicken.

They are from Borovia.

We have been clearing lizards from town pre-game.

We begin travelling with the band on the trade road to the south.

Our surroundings become progressively spookier.

I smell death in the woods. We go to investigate.

The foul scent leads us deeper into the woods.

We here the howling of wolves back towards the caravan.

We find a human corpse half-buried in the roots of a tree. A youthful commoner, dead for several days. There are paw prints and crow marks. The body has been picked over by animals by the look of it.

The body is wearing the clothes of some manner of professional.

Chuck McChicken has asked to be called Marshall.

I cannot find the road. There is a dense fog, and the air becomes hard to breath. There is a letter on the body (check the group chat). It tells of a vampyr.

We set a tree on fire while trying to burn the body. The fire starts to spread. Wren makes it worse by dumping potions on it. We walk away in the hopes that air is centered on us and that the air will become thin enough to snuff out the fire. I have a memory of a group robbing the mines when I was a child. They were unable to make it back to the surface and hid deep underground. Some sort of sneaky rogue or assassin, hiding from the dwarves. I saw dwarves stacking scraps around each entrance to the mine and burning them to smoke them out.

Tall shapes loom out of the dense fog. We enter a town with a few dwellings and wet cobblestones. 

We see a pair of children in the middle of the street. A boy weeps, clutching a stuffed doll while a girl tries to quiet him.

Marshall addresses the girl, who says that there is a monster in the house. 

I detect several evil auras in the basement and one on the higher floors. Looking through a window, we see a schmancy dining room. Sounds a bit rustic, like a noble's hunting lodge or something.

There is a shield on the wall inside the house and other fancy shit. The shield is a coat of arms, not a combat-ready shield.

The crystal chandelier in the dining room was lit when we looked through the window, but all lights have been out since we entered the house.

I see a tidy kitchen. There is also a hunter's den. Everything is very fancy. My parter members are degenerates and are stealing stuff.

The skeleton in the chest has a letter that reads like a villain monologue. It's from Straud.

Finnegan approaches a spooky bassinet and pokes the bundle inside. The contents of the bundle dissapear and a spectre appears, shouting "My baby! My baby!"

Finnegan gets laid tf out and I waste a cure light wounds on him that technically succeeds, but does nothing.

Finnegan gets back up and goes in swinging with his hammer and some fire damage.

I try to back him up, but miss my attack and smash the bassinet. Vik'tar appears with a light source and we see the spectre resembles an undead nursemaid.

The nursemaid attacks me, doing the same level damage as was done to Finnegan. She then glows and the bassinet begins to regenerate. She attacks Finnegan, to no avail.

Finnegan and I destroy the bassinet, but the nursemaid appears unnaffected. My theory seems to have been incorrect.

We defeat the ghost and the armor, but we are heavily damaged. Marshall is dead. We barricade ourselves in the room. There is someone looting Marshall. He is a very pale dwarf is very black garb.

He tells us that he's a doctor, so we bring him in to help. He brings out a black disc and casts to cure light wounds on Vik'tar. He then casts cure moderate wounds on Wren. He cures minor wounds three more time on Vik'tar.

I had to offer Moradin my gauntlets of ogre power to have the level damage lifted. "There will be consequences". 

We advance through a secret door up the stairs. There is a blocked in window. We come to a locked door, and Wren picks the lock. There are two small skeletons in the room. One is cradling the same doll as the one that the "boy" had outside. There is a doll house and a chest. The doll house is a replica of the whole house. The ghost children confirm this. There are ghost children. The girl says a secret door in the attic that leads to the basement. The children were locked up a long time ago to keep them safe from a monster. They were kept locked up for so long that they starved to death.

Vik'tar may have been possessed by a child's ghost? He seems to be him. 
I take the girl's bones and now have a flaw. It sucks.

I have laid the bones to rest. Temp +1 CHA while in the house. 2 healing to give out while in the dungeon.

Ghouls rise up from the ground! We smash the ghouls and some tentacle monsters. Now there's a spooky skeleton room and we hear chanting from the west. The skeleton is holding an orb. Finnegan grabs it and more monsters appear. They appear to be shadows. Finnegan is killed and becomes a shadow. +1 inspo for "Finnegan's Wake". I take almost enough strength damage to die.

Kale, another Sneaky Beaky rogue, appears in Wren's place. We rest. Cultists show up. Deus vult. I kill a cultist in the name of Moradin and take 5 CON damage, reducing my max HP to 15. We defeat the cultists.


